hey fans have I like my music loud I'm
Kristen Stewart and I'm Chris Hemsworth
inviting you to watch this
behind-the-scenes look at the music
score recording on snow white mountain
we've been scoring with 110 piece
Orchestra for the whole of the film this
afternoon we were just finishing a piece
that Florence and the Machine have
recorded called breath of life it's more
from the perspective of the Queen the
Sun is about Ravenna trying to guess
Snow White's youth and beauty
I need haha Snow White's the only one
who can keep her alive and beautiful
forever
I just thought the Queen was such a
amazing character isn't literally
sucking the life of young girls
[Music]
there's something that is just so right
about the casting of florence and snow
enhancement her voice has a very modern
sound she's just got an incredibly grand
epic classical scale to the voice
[Music]
Florence and I chucked the chords down
sketched out the vocals and put all the
tympani percussion and I put some
hip-hop beat in
James then orchestrated her music it's a
great kind of symphony of modern music
with an orchestra behind it when I first
heard the track
I was just bowled over by it
[Music]
[Applause]
it's amazing to see something you've
done in a tiny studio just turned into
this Kestrel magnificent I've never seen
my music written out on sheets before
this sort of pletely beautiful it's not
terrifying
I'm very happy that she loved the film
and really wanted to be a part of it
I think the audience let them to be
slightly afraid